\documentclass{article}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\begin{document}
\begin{center}    
{\huge Minutes of the Seventh Group Meeting \par}
\vspace{0.5cm}
{\large Group UG02 \par}
\vspace{0.5cm}
{\large Monday 11th September 2017 \par}
\vspace{0.5cm}
\end{center}

\begin{flushleft}
\begin{tabular}{ll}
{\bfseries Chair} &  Nathan Crowe \\
{\bfseries Minutes} & Jiashi Song \\
{\bfseries Members}
 & Alexander Good \\
 & Mitchell Mickan \\
 & Saxon Nelson-Milton \\
 & Brock Campbell \\
{\bfseries Apologies} & None\\
\end{tabular}
\end{flushleft}

\section{Time and Place}
The {\itshape seventh} meeting in {\itshape week 8} for the Software Engineering Group Project Group was held in the {\bfseries Atrium of Ingkarni Wardli}, at {\bfseries 2:07pm on Monday 11 September 2017.} 

\section{Manual Movement from GUI}
Manual control was demonstrated though use of the GUI. The demonstration was successful. 

\section{Sensors}
The functionalility of the sensors was demonstrated. This involved activating the sensors and observing the LCD readings. It was confirmed that materials were ready to demonstrate these sensors at the client meeting. There was a problem observed with the gyroscope; which may need further investigation. It was decided that this can wait, as it is not of high importance in the current design.
\subsection{Design Decisions}
The first issues discussed was the problem with detecting dots and lines of the same colour. It would be deduced on how much the signal is present in the map. 

The second issue discussed was the area of detection of the sensors, and limitations. It was concluded that these issue could be mitigated. 

\section{Physical Map}
It was verified that the physical map was completed, but still needed to be printed. Alex took this responsibility. 

\section{GUI}
Progress of the GUI was discussed, as well as what more needs to be completed. It was noted that the IP address field still needs to be added, and receiving of data needs to be dealt with. It was decided that this would be done though opening another socket, or using the same one if possible. 

\section{Review Documents}
Review document progress was then checked. This was all fine and completion of documents was under way. 

\section{Milestone 2/Future work}
Plans for milestone two were discussed. This included methods of distribution. It was decided that the current method would be continued. i.e. team members pick up an issue when they want to. 

It was then discussed what still needs to be done, including interpretation of sensor data, the adjustment of movement based on sensor data, the display of the map on the GUI and autonomous movement. 

\section{Client Meeting}
Things to be discussed with the client were suggested. It was decided that questions would be asked about the DTD.

\section{Other Issues}
NO other issues were discussed.

\section{Adjournment}
	The next group meeting will be held at a location to be decided at {\bf 2:00pm on Monday 18 of September  2017}.
    \newline
    The next client meeting and will be held in {\bf Room 462, Ingkarni Wardli} at {\bf 10:10am on Tuesday 3rd of October 2017}.
    \newline
The meeting closed at 3:00pm.


\end{document}
