\documentclass[11pt, a4paper]{article}

\usepackage[ampersand]{easylist}

\begin{document}

\begin{center}    
{\huge Meeting Minutes Week X \par}
\vspace{0.5cm}
{\large Group UG02 \par}
\vspace{0.5cm}
{\large \today \par}
\vspace{0.5cm}
\end{center}

\begin{flushleft}
\begin{tabular}{ll}
{\bfseries Chair} & Josh Song \\
{\bfseries Secretary} & Mitchell Mickan \\
 & Alexander Good \\
 & Brock Campbell \\
 & Andrew Graham \\

{\bfseries Apologies} & Saxon Nelson-Milton \\
\end{tabular}
\end{flushleft}

\section{Time and Place}
	The fifth meeting occured on the 4th of September 2017 in the atrium of Ingkarni Wardli. The meeting begun at 2:06 p.m.
	
\section{Issues and Actions}
	\subsection{Loss of Group Member}
	\subsection*{Issue}
	Nathan Crowe is no longer apart of our group and his responsibilities will need to be redistributed.
	\subsection*{Action}
	Mitchell Mickan was assigned the new role of test manager to go along with requirements manager. This was decided as requirements manager no longer has much responsibility since most requirements are now well defined. The test review document was dropped as we only need to do one review per person however it is open if someone wants to do two reviews.
	\\\subsection*{Issue} Rover does not handle touch sensor collisions at non 90 degree angles well.
	\subsection*{Action} Plan to make sensors more sensitive using rubber bands, low priority.
	\\\subsection*{Issue} Github commits not registering for mitchell.
	\subsection*{Action} Needs to add STUDENTID@student.adelaide.edu.au email to github account.
	
\section{SPMP}
	Discussed the sections which still need to be completed which are:
	\begin{itemize}
		\item Configuration plan
		\item Add references
		\item Parts of section 7
		\item References
		\item Any extra assumptions, constraints or risks
		\item Review what we have written
	\end{itemize}
	Need to complete SPMP milestone form and get signed at client meeting
\section{Milestones}
	Verified the deliverables for milestone 1 which include:
	\begin{itemize}
		\item Forward/backward, left/right movement of rover
		\item Ability to read from all sensors
		\item Manual rover control from UI
		\item Physical A1 rover map
	\end{itemize}
	Begun discussing what to present for milestone 2 as this is a section in SPMP. Agreed on autonomous movement for now as milestone 2 is over a longer duration (have holidays).
	\\\\Next sprint will be created on tuesday 5/09/17 to be completed for the first milestone.
	\\\\Survey map to be completed by Andrew for next meeting.

\section{GUI}
	Mostly good for now, Brock will be working on integrating UI with the rover for manual movement goal of milestone 1. Discussed interpretation of XML data. Specifically XML data can be converted into an array if this makes it easier and converted back when we want to save.



\section{Tomorrows meeting}
	Will discuss SPMP for 10 minutes, show what the robot currently does, discuss milestone 1 i.e. what we are going to do.
	

\end{document}
